Docs: HadoopFS presigned mode (#5585)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/integrations/spark.md

# Using lakeFS with Spark
{: .no_toc }

## Ways to use lakeFS with Spark

* [With the S3-compatible API](#use-the-s3-compatible-api): Scalable and best to get started. <span class="badge">All Storage Vendors</span>

> * [With the lakeFS FileSystem](#use-the-lakefs-hadoop-filesystem): Highly scalable, data flows directly from client to storage. <span class="badge">AWS S3</span>

Reviewer: Can we remove the `With` prefix?

> * [With the S3-compatible API](#use-the-s3-compatible-api): Scalable and best to get started. <span class="badge">All Storage Vendors</span>
> * [With the lakeFS FileSystem](#use-the-lakefs-hadoop-filesystem): Highly scalable, data flows directly from client to storage. <span class="badge">AWS S3</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [With the S3-compatible API](#use-the-s3-compatible-api): Scalable and best to get started. <span class="badge">All Storage Vendors</span>
* [With the lakeFS FileSystem](#use-the-lakefs-hadoop-filesystem): Direct data transfer from client to storage, highly scalable. <span class="badge">AWS S3</span>
```
if you think it's better read...

>    * [lakeFS FileSystem in Presigned mode](#hadoop-filesystem-in-presigned-mode-beta)<sup>BETA</sup>: best of both worlds, but still in beta. <span class="badge mr-1">AWS S3</span><span class="badge">Azure Blob</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [lakeFS FileSystem in Presigned mode](#hadoop-filesystem-in-presigned-mode-beta)<sup>BETA</sup>: best of both worlds. <span class="badge mr-1">AWS S3</span><span class="badge">Azure Blob</span>
```
I think that the `<sup>BETA</sup>` is sufficient
